Scala client protobuf generation and build container (#4154)
armadaproject/armada: client/scala/examples/lib/README.md

> To build the example Armada client programs, copy the jar file that was generated (e.g.
> scala-armada-client_2.13-0.1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar) from ../../scala-armada-client/target/scala-2.13/
> into this directory, then run `sbt compile`.

Reviewer: I think this file is better located in the `examples` root directory to be found easier.
```suggestion
To build the example Armada client programs, copy the jar file that was generated (e.g.
scala-armada-client_2.13-0.1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar) from ../scala-armada-client/target/scala-2.13/
into the `lib` directory, then run `sbt compile` here.
```

Author: @EnricoMi  What version(s) of sbt and scalac are you using?

Reviewer: with sbt 1.10.7 in armada/client/scala/examples:
```
$ sbt compile
copying runtime jar...
[info] [launcher] getting org.scala-sbt sbt 1.10.7  (this may take some time)...
[info] [launcher] getting Scala 2.12.20 (for sbt)...
[info] welcome to sbt 1.10.7 (Ubuntu Java 21.0.5)
[info] loading settings for project examples-build from plugins.sbt...
[info] loading project definition from /home/enrico/Work/git/armada/client/scala/examples/project
[info] loading settings for project root from build.sbt...
[info] set current project to Scala Armada Client (in build file:/home/enrico/Work/git/armada/client/scala/examples/)
[info] Executing in batch mode. For better performance use sbt's shell
Warning: Tried to extract the base path for relative glob proto/**/*.{java,scala}. To disable this warning, re-run the program with java option, -Dsbt.io.implicit.relative.glob.conversion=allow
Warning: Tried to extract the base path for relative glob proto/**/*.{java,scala}. To disable this warning, re-run the program with java option, -Dsbt.io.implicit.relative.glob.conversion=allow
[info] compiling 4 Scala sources to /home/enrico/Work/git/armada/client/scala/examples/target/scala-2.13/classes ...
```

Author: I originally put the README.md into the `lib` directory just to work around Git's non-support for committing empty directories.  😆  I've now moved it up into `examples` and added an empty `.gitkeep` file in `lib/`, and changed the wording as per your suggestion - thanks. Fixed in commit b0d8d04a .
